[Music]
we want to be one model to be a
successful new farmer
I was living in Hokkaido before I go to
university in tokyo and after graduate
university I became office worker in
Tokyo I did something like human
resource after six years working in
Tokyo I decided to become a farmer in
Hokkaido my job in Tokyo was very
stressful and very hard and very long
time working everyday I left home in the
morning like 7:00 a.m. and I go back
home right next day like midnight before
I became Saki years old I stopped and I
sold the future
I imagined it's a future my future and
some people get married got married and
had family children but they had no time
with children or family I wondered my
future is it okay to me we came to the
Hokkaido by the same car as we went to
their prayers we had a wedding ceremony
and when I met him first time he already
said that he want to be farmer after he
gave Mary
Press
[Music]
[Music]
my props winter wheat and sugar beet and
sweet corn and potato this is a press
for selecting potatoes Queens potatoes
and then potatoes comes from here going
that way very slowly on this conveyor
this is covered with styrofoam so in
wintertime outside is minus 20 it keeps
the temperature like press 0 to 3
degrees potatoes change they're inside
protect from freezing so it has starch
inside there are lots of one animal like
Animals
bears and deer and foxes and they eat
our crops like sugar build wheat and
they also sit cons a lot we want to
protect our crops so we made the offense
we also we have electric wires but they
counts they come
bears don't care the earth come from the
road you cannot stop the road right so
they come from the road and they stay
inside and eat our cross
destructor is the biggest one of our
farm it has 150 horsepower
drew one is called proud it's smashing
make the soil upside down like prompting
season or how this thing season I have
to work a lot like 20 hours a day
Farming
okay I go to the field like 4:00 a.m.
before sunrise
sometimes I drove tractor whole day
until the next day
see ya breakfast in tractor lunging
tractor and dinner in tractor tripping
tractor sometimes my day because I was
thinking I had image of farmer it's
called 3k chicken means dangerous g3
means hard tonight means daddy so every
everything has changed before all
machines you have to do it with cows or
holes or by yourself it was really 3k I
was very lucky sometimes it's very hard
to find such a big farm and Landa is 42
hectares 70 million and we plant seed
once a year and harvesting them once a
year profit is like 20 percent 35
million next year I have to buy tractor
or harvester I don't know so I have to
invest a lot like 10 million yen but if
you are no more office worker you don't
do like that
Sugar beet
sugar company make sugar beet shirataki
they don't have enough human resource
and machines so they asked us farmers in
shirataki to help them harvest sugar
it's there so we plant for maybe one
year about that we helped harvesting
sugar feeds of the company together for
two days
so they okay not you I Iike to consider
sometimes farmers are very individual
they were
[Applause]
so for me or of course as a for other
farmers sometimes I speak nothing
I don't speak except my family so it's
very less communication compared to
so the job with other farms is very
interesting and good to me because I
can't have communicate with as a farmers
they have knowledge to help skills they
have I can see that and I can learn
about techniques or how they do what we
think or feel about the future of this
area she has six craftsmen so after she
graduated only two children left there
are less 700 when I was here in
shirataki like eight or nine years ago
he was 1200 population no job and too
old to live and how to live here because
we have lots of snow and no store the
grocery store
Meet Maximilian
my name is maximilian Kukla I'm from
Germany
um yeah I always was interested in in
found work so I searched it up on
internet and this came up most of the
time they only had japanese sites and I
can't really read mention Shiva knees
and from from the sites found in English
also on this yeah was looking the nicest
what kind of unexpected was that around
here is really really nothing I just
expect ok it's a little village and we
have like few shops but it's really like
you know shops at all and no buses or so
so it's more remote than I thought if
Internet
means that internet like 20 years ago or
30 years ago I don't think I could do
this I can make business in Internet so
I can have information from internet and
I can do business in Internet I can have
groceries I was wrong when I was running
about agriculture I start I started to
write prose and Facebook or Instagram
when I was become a new farmer in 2012 I
have some funds then I started to
restart to sell by ourselves in Internet
Potato Cooking
if it recipe book of potatoes dish and
we have the potato cooking competition
it's called Java rain peak it's Jaguar
means the potato in Japanese and
whipping is Olympic reason
to have that kind of competition is like
to keeping the name of Silla tacky
because we used to be a village
Shirataki beards
yeah but we lost the name of beerus we
became one part of an Garten so the
women of the farm thought that they want
to keep the name of period they're all
very Shirataki through the promotion of
shirataki potato so we named our
potatoes shirataki potatoes were kind of
Economy
a whole Japan the economy is going
decreasing appropriation is decreasing
average fish is going up we don't have
the power like before in 20 years later
not so many young people are in Japan we
will have more competitor in the future
lots of vegetables coming from outside
Japan maybe China or Southeast Asian
countries we have to fight so we need
more techniques we need more price to
sell not only in Japan outside Japan
agriculture is in Japan is close they
are not so open but we have to change we
have to move forward but I'm Ken McKim I
do could pick mas
Guest service
logical Dan
come earlier
as you get available I mainly take care
of guests of course I make meals and
also provide the guests the farm tour or
the main experience like picking
vegetables kind of easy and I I don't
need to work in the field every day
because we have now we have many
volunteers and workers the other last
time I came back little bit earlier than
other for making lunch
after we finished
[Music]
I think I like making meals very much I
am happy when I see the brand ears to
have lunch or dinner that I made and
said very yummy
I also wanted to be a farmer and had a
dream to be farmers we are eating pizza
we have our pizza album we made it this
year so we will have pizza party
Free accommodation
they work at our firm and the reviews of
a diversity and instead of that we
provide free accommodation and three
meals and snacks two times B sometimes
go to the sightseeing together and leave
here just like a real family
I was the earthquake electricity was out
Earthquake
for almost two days it was hard because
it was harvesting season we harvested
potatoes but we have no electricity so
we cannot use water pop-up water from
the ground by electric so we couldn't
Conclusion
use water and record and news in a
washing machine or electricity but we
had to work now that's upset but I've
also thought that life in countryside is
very stirring strong asking because in
the city people are very worried about
how to get the water or food or the
stove I had the confidence to have some
to survive because we have much food in
the field and we also fished in the
liver liver I never miss the convenience
but I used to make my friend or my old
job because I felt more freedom when I
was in the city but no I never missed he
and I will prefer this life and I also
think that I cannot go back to the city
I love this life and I believe that this
life is very good for her education but
if I say I have to say we have my luck
of my our life for education it chance
to meet new people many people we had
guest house and we accept many
volunteers so she can meet many people
and she loved many barriers over many
ways of thinking through meeting many
people I'm happy to give her the
opportunity to know that even she is
living in some countryside in a small
community actually I didn't feel it's
too tough to continue I accept
everything the weather type only God
knows or nature some people who wants to
be a new farmer will see me see us ok I
have enough college to be a new farmer
like them so we want to be like that so
we will not quit and we will not give up
and we accept everything and we do our
best always
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]